AI Prompt.md, before:

- **How to create one prompt that generates many conversation steps at once** 

 Reverse engineer our conversation and write the single prompt that would have produced my final response in one go.

- **Interview story ready prompt**

Help me turn this STAR story into a simple, natural, and easy 1-minute spoken answer for an interview. Make it conversational, clear, and focused on the business problem, my thinking process, the technical solution, and measurable results. Here is the full situation, obstacle, actions, results, and insight. Please rewrite it as if I am saying it out loud in an interview.

- **Interview Walk me through your resume prompt**

Help me turn this into a simple, natural 1-minute spoken answer for the interview question: ‘Walk me through your resume.’ Please make it conversational, clear, and focused on my career timeline, key roles, responsibilities, achievements, and the reasons behind each career move. Rewrite it as if I am saying it out loud in an interview.

- **Interview tell me about yourself prompt**

Help me turn this into a simple, natural 1-minute spoken answer for the interview question: ‘tell me about yourself.’ Please make it conversational, clear, and focused on strengths, specialties, and a few highlighted achievements that show measurable impact. Rewrite it as if I am saying it out loud in an interview.

- **Resume ready prompt**

Now, act as the hiring manager for this role. You're extremely busy and only have 60 seconds to scan the resume you just helped me write. what are your immediate red flags?

- **BI portfolio (Business problem / background) ready prompt**

Help me turn this sentence into a concise, technical for a BI portfolio the Business problem part. Make it clear, logic and focused on What business problem were they facing? Why was a BI solution needed? What would be the consequences if the problem was not solved? return bullet point . Here is the sentence I draft. Please rewrite it as the hire manager can understand the Business Problem in 3 second.

- **BI portfolio (key takeways) ready prompt**
  
Help me turn this sentence into a concise, technical for a BI portfolio the Key takeway part. Make it clear, logic and focused on what you learnt from the project? return bullet point with keyward highlight. Here is the sentence I draft. Please rewrite it as the hire manager can understand the Business Problem in 3 second.

Commit message:

Enhance BI portfolio prompts for clarity and focus
Added prompts for BI portfolio sections on business impact and key takeaways.

AI Prompt.md, after:

- **How to create one prompt that generates many conversation steps at once** 

 Reverse engineer our conversation and write the single prompt that would have produced my final response in one go.

- **Interview story ready prompt**

Help me turn this STAR story into a simple, natural, and easy 1-minute spoken answer for an interview. Make it conversational, clear, and focused on the business problem, my thinking process, the technical solution, and measurable results. Here is the full situation, obstacle, actions, results, and insight. Please rewrite it as if I am saying it out loud in an interview.

- **Interview Walk me through your resume prompt**

Help me turn this into a simple, natural 1-minute spoken answer for the interview question: ‘Walk me through your resume.’ Please make it conversational, clear, and focused on my career timeline, key roles, responsibilities, achievements, and the reasons behind each career move. Rewrite it as if I am saying it out loud in an interview.

- **Interview tell me about yourself prompt**

Help me turn this into a simple, natural 1-minute spoken answer for the interview question: ‘tell me about yourself.’ Please make it conversational, clear, and focused on strengths, specialties, and a few highlighted achievements that show measurable impact. Rewrite it as if I am saying it out loud in an interview.

- **Resume ready prompt**

Now, act as the hiring manager for this role. You're extremely busy and only have 60 seconds to scan the resume you just helped me write. what are your immediate red flags?

- **BI portfolio (Business problem / background) ready prompt**

Help me turn this sentence into a concise, technical for a BI portfolio the Business problem part. Make it clear, logic and focused on What business problem were they facing? Why was a BI solution needed? What would be the consequences if the problem was not solved? return bullet point . Here is the sentence I draft. Please rewrite it as the hire manager can understand the Business Problem in 3 second.

- **BI portfolio (Buiness impact) ready prompt**
  
Help me turn this sentence into a concise, technical for a BI portfolio the Buiness impact part. Make it clear, logic and measure the result, return bullet point with keyward highlight. Here is the sentence I draft. Please rewrite it as the hire manager can understand the Business Problem in 3 second.

- **BI portfolio (key takeways) ready prompt**
  
Help me turn this sentence into a concise, technical for a BI portfolio the Key takeway part. Make it clear, logic and focused on what you learnt from the project? return bullet point with keyward highlight. Here is the sentence I draft. Please rewrite it as the hire manager can understand the Business Problem in 3 second.
